Now that we explored a lot of key concepts
it's time to practice what you learned.
Because only practice makes perfect.
And for that you find another example project attached
which you should download
and turn into a local Git Repository.
And then you should also create a GitHub Repository
for that attached project.
So a remote Repository and connect the local Git Repository
to that remote GitHub Repository.
So that in that GitHub Repository
or for that GitHub Repository
you can create two GitHub Actions Workflows.
And the first Workflow will be a Workflow that tests
and Lints the project
and then also simulates the Deployment of the project
whenever a new Commit is pushed.
That's the first Workflow you should build
and for this Workflow you should
of course download the project code whenever it's triggered.
You should then install any dependencies that are needed.
And then you should run the Lint test
and build scripts and also output some message
like deploying project as part of the Workflow.
Now the Lint test and build scripts
are scripts that are included in the detached project
in the package.jason file.
There it's this lint,
this test and this build script
that should be executed as part of
the GitHub Actions Workflow your building.
And thereafter as mentioned you should
simply output some dummy message
in the shell of that Workflow runner.
So in that Workflow environment.
Now for this first Workflow it's up to you
whether you want to use one Job for all three scripts
or three different Jobs running after each other.
And if you feel like it
you can of course also build both versions.
One version one Workflow with one job,
and one Workflow with three jobs
so that you practice both approaches.
But that's just one of the two Workflows
you should build this Lint, Test, Deploy Workflow.
The other Workflow will require you to listen
to an event to which we haven't listened yet
in this course section.
Because for this second Workflow I want you
to build a GitHub Actions Workflow
where you listen for the Issues Event.
Which just like Push is one of the official events
one of the official triggers you can listen to,
which should start that Workflow whenever
a new Issue related action happens.
So for example when a new Issue is created.
And all you should do in that Workflow is output
the event details in the shell via echo.
And I showed you how you can get access to some of the
metadata that's gathered and provided by GitHub
in your GitHub Action Workflow early in this section.
So use that knowledge to simply output
that collected metadata that is provided
by GitHub Actions for your Workflow.
So for this second Workflow which I want you to build
you should listen to the Issues Event
and use that GitHub Context Object I mentioned earlier
in this course section.
So that's my exercise for you.
In the next lecture I'll share my solution
with you so that you can compare your solution
and your approach to mine.